docs(cloud-integration): Fix documentation defects cloud integration resources (#2649)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/r/cloud_azure_integrations.html.markdown

-> **WARNING:** Starting with [v3.27.2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/3.27.2) of the New Relic Terraform Provider, updating the `linked_account_id` of a `newrelic_cloud_azure_integrations` resource that has been applied would **force a replacement** of the resource (destruction of the resource, followed by the creation of a new resource). When such an update is performed, please carefully review the output of `terraform plan`, which would clearly indicate a replacement of this resource, before performing a `terraform apply`.

* `account_id` - (Optional) The New Relic account ID to operate on.  This allows the user to override the `account_id` attribute set on the provider. Defaults to the environment variable `NEW_RELIC_ACCOUNT_ID`.
* `linked_account_id` - (Required) The ID of the linked Azure account in New Relic.

> The following arguments are supported with minimum metrics polling interval of 60 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following arguments/integration blocks are intended to be used with a minimum `metrics_polling_interval` of 60 seconds.
```

* `monitor` - (Optional) Azure Monitor. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.

> The following arguments are supported with minimum metrics polling interval of 300 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following arguments/integration blocks are intended to be used with a minimum `metrics_polling_interval` of 300 seconds.
```

Author: updated the document

* `machine_learning` - (Optional) Azure Machine Learning. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `power_bi_dedicated` - (Optional) Azure Power BI Dedicated. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `redis_cache` - (Optional) Azure Redis Cache. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `service_bus` - (Optional) Azure Service Bus. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `sql` - (Optional) Azure SQL. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `sql_managed` - (Optional) Azure SQL Managed. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `virtual_machine` - (Optional) Azure Virtual machine. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `virtual_networks` - (Optional) for Azure Virtual networks. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `vms` - (Optional) Azure VMs. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `vpn_gateway` - (Optional) Azure VPN Gateway. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.

> The following arguments are supported with minimum metrics polling interval of 1800 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following arguments/integration blocks are intended to be used with a minimum `metrics_polling_interval` of 1800 seconds.
```

* `storage` - (Optional) for Azure Storage. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.

> The following arguments are supported with minimum metrics polling interval of 3600 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following arguments/integration blocks are intended to be used with a minimum `metrics_polling_interval` of 3600 seconds.
```

Author: updated the document

* `cost_management` - (Optional) Azure Cost Management. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `maria_db` - (Optional) Azure MariaDB. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `mysql` - (Optional) Azure MySQL. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `mysql_flexible` - (Optional) Azure MySQL Flexible Server. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `postgresql` - (Optional) Azure PostgreSQL. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `postgresql_flexible` - (Optional) Azure PostgreSQL Flexible Server. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.

### `Integration` blocks

All `integration` blocks support the following common arguments:

* `metrics_polling_interval` - (Optional) The data polling interval **in seconds**.

> -> **NOTE** For more information on the ranges of metric polling intervals of each of these integrations, head over to [this page](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/microsoft-azure-integrations/get-started/introduction-azure-monitoring-integrations/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE** For more information on the ranges of metric polling intervals of each of these integrations, head over to [this page](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/microsoft-azure-integrations/get-started/introduction-azure-monitoring-integrations/).
```

All `integration` blocks support the following common arguments:

* `metrics_polling_interval` - (Optional) The data polling interval **in seconds**.

-> **NOTE** For more information kindly refer to [microsoft-azure-integrations](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/microsoft-azure-integrations/get-started/introduction-azure-monitoring-integrations/) documentaion.

> 

Reviewer: please repeat this
https://github.com/newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic/pull/2649/files#r1591305181

Author: updated the note message
